<1>

url : https://www.nature.com/naturecareers/job/12846753/postdoctoral-research-fellow-reinherz-lab/

Postdoctoral Research Fellow - Reinherz Lab 

Dana-Farber Cancer Institute 

Boston, Ma 

Full Time 

Overview

The Reinherz lab at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Harvard Medical School is recruiting a research associate in a post-doctoral position to study CD8 T-cell targeting of human tumor cells via immunopeptidome shift technologies in conjunction with novel T cell receptor (TCR) mechanobiology. This approach is predicated on the recent understanding that TCR performance in mediating ligand recognition and cytolytic function is 1) dependent on physical load emanating from cellular motion during immune surveillance and 2) truncal neoantigens are generally poorly if at all expressed. This new knowledge will allow us to circumvent cognate recognition impediments that foster tumor escape naturally. We use an interdisciplinary approach combining molecular and structural biology with modern immunology to generate insights that can be translated rapidly from bench to bedside. The team works with immuno-oncologists treating lung and other malignancies, affording access to patient samples and large tumor databases. Specific research areas of interest include development of optimized strategies for efficient and specific tumor killing without requirements for vaccines or adoptive T-cell therapies.  The laboratory provides a rich training environment and access to cutting-edge techniques in adaptive immunity linked to deep TCR structure-function knowledge.

Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute is a leader in life changing breakthroughs in cancer research and patient care. We are united in our mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS, and related diseases. We strive to create an inclusive, diverse, and equitable environment where we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all backgrounds, and design programs to promote public health particularly among high-risk and underserved populations. We conduct groundbreaking research that advances treatment, we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers, and we work with amazing partners, including other Harvard Medical School-affiliated hospitals.

Responsibilities

The postdoctoral fellow/scientist will work on human patient-derived tumor samples, cell lines and normal and patient blood to evaluate tumor display and adaptive T-cell recognition before and after immunopeptidome shift induction.
The postdoctoral fellow/scientist will be aided by experts in biochemists and mass spectrometry to identify tumor targets.
Immunological assessment of the relevant CD8 T cells to recognize shifted tumor targets and the repertoire of those T lymphocytes recognizing tumor cells shall be performed using scRNAseq and paired TCR sequencing.
FACS analysis by multiparameter flow, functional real time CTL assays, retroviral/lentiviral transduction of TCRs and measurement of performance are key methodological skills involved.
Qualifications

Highly motivated candidates with a recent PhD or MD/PhD in biomedical sciences and significant experience in cellular immunology and molecular biology are encouraged to apply.
Technical experience in T-cell immunology and methods to examine immune responses (measurement of killing, cytokine production, proliferation, and multicolor flow cytometry) are essential.
Skills in molecular cloning, retroviral/lentiviral transduction, T cell culturing techniques and 10X or equivalent single cell platforms are also required. 
Candidates should have a publication record in peer-reviewed journals.
We are seeking a candidate with a considerable background in adaptive T-cell immunity, excellent writing, and communication skills, able to work independently but also effectively with other lab members.
Applicants should include a short statement of research goals, CV and three references with their application.
This position is now funded, and we seek to hire someone for this exciting and novel effort ASAP.

At Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, we work every day to create an innovative, caring, and inclusive environment where every patient, family, and staff member feels they belong. As relentless as we are in our mission to reduce the burden of cancer for all, we are equally committed to diversifying our faculty and staff. Cancer knows no boundaries and when it comes to hiring the most dedicated and diverse professionals, neither do we. If working in this kind of organization inspires you, we encourage you to apply.

Dana-Farber Cancer Institute is an equal opportunity employer and affirms the right of every qualified applicant to receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, sexual orientation, genetic information, disability, age, ancestry, military service, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law.
</1>

<2>
url : https://www.nature.com/naturecareers/job/12846751/postdoctoral-research-fellow-fischer-lab/

Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world-renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive environment, we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all ages; we conduct research that advances treatment; we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers; we reach out to underserved members of our community; and we work with amazing partners, including other Harvard Medical School-affiliated hospitals.

The Fischer Lab at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute is a Structural and Chemical Biology lab that combines molecular biology, computational biology, structural biology and chemistry with various ‘Omics’ techniques such as proteomics to study the pathways and protein complexes involved in the regulation of protein abundance via the ubiquitin proteasome system that are often associated with human diseases, including cancer. The Fischer lab integrates structural biology, molecular biology and computational guided approaches to address fundamental questions about the mechanistic principles that govern signaling through the ubiquitin proteasome system.

The Fischer Lab (https://fischerlab.org/) seeks a highly motivated individual to join the team as a POSTDOCTORAL RESEARCH FELLOW who will work on chemoproteomics projects addressing the exploration and mapping of tissue proteomes including cell surface and intracellular expression.

While we consider various backgrounds, a strong interest in understanding differential protein expression in in vivo samples and development of methods to further assess, identify and validate potential targets is required.

 

Our laboratory is based at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Longwood Center and is an affiliate of the BCMP department at Harvard Medical School. We are affiliated with state of the art facilities for structural biology (cryo-EM, X-ray crystallography, NMR), chemistry, biophysics, cellular imaging, etc. and the lab also has expertise and equipment for mass spectrometry including Bruker timsTOF (HT/Ultra) and Orbitrap Eclipse Tribrid mass spectrometers. Join our highly interactive team of scientists, postdocs, graduate students and technicians to work on understand signaling through the ubiquitin proteasome pathway and leverage these insights to test new avenues for therapeutic development.

 

Responsibilities

Intracellular and cell surface protein exploration of a variety of cell models and in vivo samples
Quantitative assessment of protein expression using proteomics, imaging and/or flow cytometry
Development of mass spectrometry-based approaches for assessing various aspects of targets of interest
Small molecule screening using chemoproteomics-based approaches
Qualifications

Recent Ph.D. or equivalent degree in chemical biology, analytical chemistry, mass spectrometry, or protein biochemistry.
Proven ability to develop and execute on complex chemoproteomics-based projects
Ability to collect and analyze experimental data, prepare research publications and communicate results
Strong understanding of statistical analysis
Ability to work in a collaborative and team environment
Excellent oral and written capabilities
 

Expertise in two or more of the following areas:

Experience in sample preparation for mass spectrometry-based proteomics
Experience with proteomics-based method development
Experience with drug treatments and immunoprecipitation experiments
Proficiency in mass spectrometry data collection and quantitative proteome analysis methodologies
Hands on experience running and maintaining ThermoFisher &/or Bruker mass spectrometers
Experience with R, MATLAB, python and general computational abilities
 

At Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, we work every day to create an innovative, caring, and inclusive environment where every patient, family, and staff member feels they belong. As relentless as we are in our mission to reduce the burden of cancer for all, we are equally committed to diversifying our faculty and staff. Cancer knows no boundaries and when it comes to hiring the most dedicated and diverse professionals, neither do we. If working in this kind of organization inspires you, we encourage you to apply. 

Dana-Farber Cancer Institute is an equal opportunity employer and affirms the right of every qualified applicant to receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, sexual orientation, genetic information, disability, age, ancestry, military service, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law.

</2>

<3>

url : https://www.nature.com/naturecareers/job/12845234/postdoctoral-research-fellow-leukemia-and-epigenetics/

Postdoctoral Research Fellow - Leukemia and Epigenetics 

Dana-Farber Cancer Institute 

Boston, MA 

Full Time 

Overview

The Heikamp Lab at Dana-Farber is seeking a highly accomplished PhD candidate/graduate applying for their first postdoctoral fellowship in epigenetics in leukemia. Led by Dr. Emily Heikamp, MD PhD, our work focuses on high-risk forms of pediatric leukemia that are driven by oncogenic fusion proteins. We aim to understand the mechanisms by which oncogenic fusion proteins drive leukemia, in order to disrupt their activity for therapeutic purposes. Oncogenic fusion proteins can promote epigenetic dysregulation in leukemia, and we are investigating whether targeted epigenetic therapies can thwart oncogenic fusion protein activity.

Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute is a leader in life changing breakthroughs in cancer research and patient care. We are united in our mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. We strive to create an inclusive, diverse, and equitable environment where we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all backgrounds, and design programs to promote public health particularly among high-risk and underserved populations. We conduct groundbreaking research that advances treatment, we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers, and we work with amazing partners, including other Harvard Medical School-affiliated hospitals.

Responsibilities

Postdoctoral fellows are expected to independently lead a research project in the laboratory, and responsibilities include but are not limited to the following:

Design and conduct of hypothesis-driven experiments.
Analyze, interpret, discuss and present research findings with lab members and the principal investigator. 
Effectively communicate research with the broader scientific community through writing papers, presenting at conferences, and writing grants.
Employ computational approaches to analyze complex data sets, including next generation sequencing data, and/or effectively collaborate with computational biologists. 
Mentor and collaborate with research technicians. 
Maintain an electronic laboratory notebook and inventories of samples and reagents.
Qualifications

Please include a CV, cover letter, and contact information for 3 references in the application.
A PhD, PhD-MD or doctoral equivalent in Cancer Biology, Epigenetics/Genetics, Molecular Biology, Biochemistry, or related disciplines
Ability to independently lead a research project and to collaborate with scientists across disciplines from DFCI and other research centers. 
Excellent oral and written communication skills, organizational techniques, and meticulous attention to detail
An outstanding academic track record
Proficiency or significant experience with one or more the following: cell culture techniques, genetic manipulation of cell lines (CRISPR/Cas9), basic molecular/cell biology techniques, chromatin-based techniques including experience with next-generation sequencing. Prior experience with ChIP-Seq, RNA-Seq, or other genome wide methods is a plus.
To apply, please visit: https://careers.dana-farber.org/leukemia-epigenetics_research-fellow

At Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, we work every day to create an innovative, caring, and inclusive environment where every patient, family, and staff member feels they belong.  As relentless as we are in our mission to reduce the burden of cancer for all, we are equally committed to diversifying our faculty and staff.  Cancer knows no boundaries and when it comes to hiring the most dedicated and diverse professionals, neither do we. If working in this kind of organization inspires you, we encourage you to apply.

Dana-Farber Cancer Institute is an equal opportunity employer and affirms the right of every qualified applicant to receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, sexual orientation, genetic information, disability, age, ancestry, military service, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law.

</3>